SOURCE FILE: AMZN_2026-08-18_424B3_000110465926098339.txt (fetched from www.sec.gov/Archives, 2026-09-24)
-- verbatim excerpt --
in exchange for shares of Globalstar common stock in the mergers. ​ “Globalstar stockholders” means holders of Globalstar common stock outstanding at the applicable time, except that, solely for purposes of the election of the merger consideration and receipt thereof, Globalstar stockholders includes holders of vested and unexercised Globalstar warrants that are automatically exercised on a cashless basis immediately prior to the effective time of the first merger. Please note that the delivery of the written consent is sufficient to adopt the merger agreement and approve the transactions contemplated thereby, including the mergers, on behalf of Globalstar stockholders. You are not being asked for a proxy, and you are requested not to send a proxy. 1 TABLE OF CONTENTS Q: What approval by Globalstar stockholders is required to adopt the merger agreement and approve the mergers? Why am I not being asked to vote on the mergers? ​ A: Under Delaware law and Globalstar’s organizational documents, adoption of the merger agreement and approval of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the mergers, by Globalstar stockholders required the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Globalstar common stock entitled to vote thereon. The Globalstar organizational documents permit, at any time when the Supporting Stockholders own beneficially a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of Globalstar common stock entitled to vote in an election of directors, any action that is required or permitted to be taken at any annual meeting or special meeting of Globalstar stockholders to be taken without a meeting if a written consent is signed by the holders of outstanding shares of Globalstar common stock holding not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. The requisite Globalstar stockholder approval was obtained following the execution of the merger agreement on April 13, 2026 and pursuant to the support agreement, when the written consent was delivered to Globalstar by the Supporting Stockholders, which owned 74,058,249 shares of Globalstar common stock, representing approximately 57.6% of the 128,598,125 issued and outstanding shares of Globalstar common stock on that date. Therefore, your vote is not required and is not being sought. We are not asking you for a proxy, and you are requested not to send us a proxy. ​ Q: Why did the Globalstar strategic review committee of 