 of common stock to purchasers on February 19, 2026. Lucid Capital Markets The date of this prospectus is February 18, 2026 Table of Contents EXPLANATORY NOTE Roth CH Holdings, Inc. was a party to a business combination transaction by and among Roth CH Holdings, Inc., Roth CH Acquisition Co., Roth CH Merger Sub, Inc. and SharonAI Inc. (“Business Combination”). The Business Combination closed on December 17, 2025. In connection with the closing of the Business Combination, Roth CH Holdings, Inc. (i) changed its name to SharonAI Holdings Inc. and (ii) became the ultimate parent company of the combined company. The securities of SharonAI Holdings Inc. are traded on OTC Markets. This public offering of securities of SharonAI Holdings Inc. is to raise $125,000,000 and to uplist the securities of SharonAI Holdings Inc. to the NASDAQ Stock Market. Table of Contents TABLE OF CONTENTS Page SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 1 INDUSTRY AND MARKET DATA 3 PROSPECTUS SUMMARY 4 ABOUT 

es payable by us. We intend to use the net proceeds from this offering to acquire additional GPU focused equipment and for working capital and other general corporate purposes. See “Use of Proceeds” for more information on the use of proceeds. Lock-up Pursuant to lock-up agreements, our directors, officers, and certain holders of our securities, have agreed that, subject to limited exceptions, we will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares of our common stock for a period of ninety (90) days following the closing of the Offering without the prior written consent of the managing underwriters. Similarly, we have agreed that, subject to limited exceptions, we will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise dispose of any shares of our common stock for a period of sixty (60) days following the closing of the Offering without the prior written consent of the managing underwriters. Proposed Nasdaq trading symbol We intend to apply to list our Class A Ordinary Common Stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “SHAZ” Risk factors The securities offered by this prospectus are speculative and involve a high degree of risk and investors purchasing securities should not 

560,835,633 shares of Common Stock of the Domesticated Parent to be issued at the closing of the Business Combination. Completion of the Business Combination is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, where permissible, of various conditions to closing. The Business Combination was consummated on December 17, 2025. 67 Table of Contents Issuance of Class A Ordinary Common Stock On December 17, 2025, we issued 2,249,999 shares of Class A Ordinary Common Stock in consideration of cancellation of approximately $270,000 of outstanding indebtedness. Corporate History Formation and Initial Public Offe

uary 18, 2026. 130 Table of Contents CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Certain Relationships and Related Transactions Roth CH Acquisition Co. Founder Shares On April 29, 2021, our TKB Sponsor 1 LLC (“Former Sponsor”) paid $25,000 to purchase 5,750,000 founder shares, or approximately $0.004 per share. On May 11, 2021, our Former Sponsor transferred 25,000 founder shares to each of our independent directors. In connection with the IPO, each of the Former Sponsor and our independent directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign, or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their public shares for cash, securities or other property; except to certain permitted transferees and under certain circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the closing price of Class A Ordinary Shares exceeds $12.00 per share (as adjusted for share divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, the founder shares would be released from the lock-up. Our Former Sponsor and independent directors did not receive additional consideration for this lock-up. Effective as of January 18, 2023, pursuant to the terms of the Articles, the Former Sponsor elected to convert each outstanding Class B ordinary share held by it on a one-for-one basis into Class A Ordinary Shares, with immediate effect. Private Placement Warrants The Former Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,750,000 Private Warra

tock. These agreements are described in the section of this prospectus titled “Underwriting.” 142 Table of Contents UNDERWRITING Lucid Capital Markets, LLC (the “Representative”) is acting as the Representative of the underwriters and the book-running managers of this offering. We have entered into an underwriting agreement dated February 18, 2026 with the Representative. Under the terms of the underwriting agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement, each of the underw

nderwriting compensation for purposes of FINRA Rule 5110 and will be subject to a lock up period of 540 days following commencement of sales in this offering. Indemnification We have agreed to indemnify the underwriter against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act, or to contribute to payments the underwriter may be required to make in respect of those liabilities. Lock-Up Agreements Each of our officers and directors have agreed to be subject to a lock-up period of ninety (90) days following the closing of the Offering and we have agreed to be subject to a lock-up period of sixty (60) days the closing of the Offering. This means that, during the applicable lock-up period, subject to certain exceptions, we may not issue, enter into an agreement to issue or announce the issuance or proposed issuance of the shares or any other securities convertible into, or exercisable or exchangeable for, shares of Common Stock, and such persons may not offer for sale, contract to sell, sell, distribute, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, any of our shares of Common Stock or any securitie
