Excerpt of the SEC filing cbrs-424b4 (public record), cleaned to plain text by unlock-watch/lib.ts cleanHtml — R2 Part B test fixture.

 MUFG FIRST CITIZENS CAPITAL SECURITIES Prospectus dated May 13, 2026 Cerebras The World's Fastest A

We, all of our directors and executive officers, and the holders of substantially all of our shares of Class A common stock outstanding and securities exercisable for or convertible into shares of our Class A common stock, have entered into lock-up agreements with the underwriters and/or agreements with market standoff provisions that restrict our and their ability to sell or transfer shares of our capital stock and securities convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of our capital stock, for a period ending on the earlier of (i) 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the second trading day following our release of earnings for the quarter ending September 30, 2026 or (ii) 180 days after the date of this prospectus (the "Lock-up Period"), subject to certain customary exceptions and provision s that provide for the early release of certain of our securities during the Lock-up Period.

Earliest Date Available for Sale in the Public Market Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the first trading day following the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part (the "First Trading Day"). An aggregate of up to 2.5 million shares held by Non- Executive Employees (as defined below). 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the second trading day following the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this prospectus forms a part, provided that the closing price of our Class A common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the First Trading Day has exceeded 133% of the initial public offering price per share set forth on the cover page of this prospectus (the "Second Trading Day Release Trigger") . An aggregate of up to 2.5 million shares held by Non- Executive Employees . Earliest Date Available for Sale in the Public Market Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the second trading day following our release of earnings for the quarter ended March 31, 2026. If the Second Trading Day Release Trigger was satisfied, an aggregate of up to approximately 27.7 million shares held by Directors and Officers (as defined below) and Non-Employee Holders (as defined below). If the Second Trading Day Release Trigger was not satisfied, an aggregate of up to approximately 30.2 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non- Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the second trading day following our release of earnings for the quarter ending June 30, 2026. An aggregate of up to approximately 36.4 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non-Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on August 19, 2026. An aggregate of up to approximately 14.6 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non-Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on September 2, 2026. An aggregate of up to approximately 14.6 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non-Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on September 16, 2026. An aggregate of up to approximately 14.6 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non-Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on September 30, 2026. An aggregate of up to approximately 19.4 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non-Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on October 14, 2026. An aggregate of up to approximately 19.4 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non-Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on October 28, 2026. An aggregate of up to approximately 19.4 million shares held by Directors and Officers, Non-Executive Employees, and Non-Employee Holders. The earlier of (i) 6:00 a.m. Eastern Time on the second trading day following our release of earnings for the quarter ending September 30, 2026 or (ii) 180 days after the date of this prospectus (the "Lock-up Period"). All remaining shares held by our stockholders not previously eligible for sale, subject to applicable limitations under Rule 144, including for "affiliates" and compliance with other applicable law, as described below. As used herein, • "Directors and Officers" means our directors and officers subject to reporting under Section 16 of the Exchange Act during the Lock-up Period. • "Non-Executive Employees" means our employees as of March 31, 2026, who are not Directors and Officers. • "Non-Employee Holders" means holders of our cap
